feat(github): add GitHub App authentication for self-hosted runner registration (#860)
redhat-developer/mapt: docs/self-hosted-runner.md

# Overview

This feature of `mapt` allows to setup hosts deployed by it as a GitHub Self Hosted Runner, which can then be directly used for running GitHub Actions jobs.
It benefits from all the existing features that `mapt` already provides, allowing to create self-hosted runners that can be used for different QE scenarios.

## Providers and Platforms

Currently, it allows to create self-hosted runners on:

* AWS: Windows Server, RHEL, Fedora, macOS
* Azure: Windows Desktop, RHEL
* IBM Cloud: IBM Power (ppc64le), IBM Z (s390x)

## Authentication

Registering a Self Hosted Runner requires a short-lived registration token from GitHub. `mapt` supports three ways to supply it. Precedence order: GitHub App credentials → explicit registration token → GITHUB_TOKEN (PAT auto-generate).

### Option A — GitHub App (recommended)

Using a GitHub App avoids long-lived credentials. `mapt` exchanges the App's private key for a short-lived installation access token inside the Pulumi deployment, then uses it to fetch a fresh runner registration token automatically.

**Prerequisites:**

> 1. Create a GitHub App with the `administration:write` permission on the target repository.

Reviewer: For org-level runners (`--ghactions-runner-org`), the App needs the `organization_self_hosted_runners:write` permission instead of repo-level `administration:write`. Since the flags table and code already support the org path, consider something like:

  ```suggestion
  1. Create a GitHub App with the `administration:write` permission (for repository runners) or `organization_self_hosted_runners:write` permission (for organization runners).
```

3. Generate and download the App's **private key** (`.pem` file).

**Flags:**

| Flag | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `--ghactions-app-id` | GitHub App ID (numeric, shown on the App settings page) |
| `--ghactions-app-installation-id` | Installation ID for the target org or repository |
| `--ghactions-app-private-key` | Path to the App RSA private key PEM file |
| `--ghactions-runner-repo` | Full URL of the repository (mutually exclusive with `--ghactions-runner-org`) |
| `--ghactions-runner-org` | GitHub organization name for an org-level runner (mutually exclusive with `--ghactions-runner-repo`) |
| `--ghactions-runner-labels` | Comma-separated labels to attach to the runner (optional) |

**Example:**

```bash
mapt aws rhel create \
    --ghactions-runner-repo "https://github.com/redhat-developer/mapt" \
    --ghactions-app-id "123456" \
    --ghactions-app-installation-id "789012" \
    --ghactions-app-private-key "/path/to/app-private-key.pem" \
    --project-name mapt-rhel-aws \
    --backed-url file:///workspace/state \
    --conn-details-output /workspace/conn-details
```

### Option B — Personal Access Token (PAT)

> Set the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable to a PAT with `repo` admin scope. `mapt` will call the GitHub API to generate a registration token automatically before deployment.

Reviewer: This only covers the repo case. For org-level runners (`--ghactions-runner-org`), the PAT needs `admin:org` scope instead of `repo` admin. The error message in `api.go:58` already tells the user this on failure, but it'd be better to document it upfront.

```suggestion
Set the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable to a PAT with `repo` scope (for repository runners) or `admin:org` scope (for organization runners). `mapt` will call the GitHub API to generate a registration token automatically before deployment.
```
